docs: Add OCM interaction information (#10)
bf2fc6cc711aee1a0c2a/fleet-manager-go-template: docs/populating-configuration.md

>NOTE: You could pass dummy values to make sure that the secrets files are created.

## Setting up OCM tokens

[OpenShift Cluster Management](https://api.openshift.com/) in Fleet Manager is
used for mainly two purposes:
* By Fleet Manager, to perform management of Data Plane clusters
* By the users, to interact with the Fleet Manager API: OpenShift Cluster
  Management (OCM) tokens are used as an Authentication mechanism to interact

>   with the Fleet Manager API

Reviewer: `ocm token` is just a convenient way of getting a jwt token from sso.redhat.com, the default sso used for authentication: https://github.com/bf2fc6cc711aee1a0c2a/fleet-manager-go-template/blob/b705f061d0186e291741eedbeca8a4077c93be9b/pkg/server/server_config.go#L27-L29

so technically, a user does not need `ocm token` but rather a jwt token from sso.redhat.com. The ocm cli has just all of this connection mechanism built that's why we rely on it.

Author: Reworded a little bit

different kind of OCM tokens need to be generated and/or configured for each
purpose. Keep reading below on how to do so.

### Interacting with the Fleet Manager API

The Fleet Manager API requires OCM Bearer tokens for authentication. The
token is passed as an `Authorization` HTTP header value.

> To be able to perform requests to the Fleet Manager API, you first need
> to get an OCM token by requesting it to the OCM API. This can be done in an

Reviewer: Based on what I've said on https://github.com/bf2fc6cc711aee1a0c2a/fleet-manager-go-template/pull/10/files#r803549522 I suggest we rephrase this to 
```suggestion
To be able to perform requests to the Fleet Manager API, you first need
to get a jwt token from sso.redhat.com, authentication server used by default. This can be done in an
```

Author: Reworded a little bit
